Aifei, the slave missile I asked you to prepare
Are you all set?
Already ready
You hand over the things to Yu Qian quickly.
In addition, let the Qing Wei army command hell
Yes, remember not to make a sound
Your Highness
That thing can really scare King Yong, who has been on a horse for a lifetime
Oh my lord
This time, Lao Chen wants to congratulate you.
Hmm, I think it's too late
If you had done it earlier
My son!
Won't die at the hands of that guy
Killed my son in front of me that day
Now I can't kill him on the spot
To relieve the hatred in my heart
I also want to thank him for the crown prince
What the prince said is
At that time, Qin Xiu would only be a few people
Hmph, even if the old emperor wants to protect him
Then there's no chance
Please hum
See your majesty
occupation
I heard the instructions given by the prince
Please come today.
It is to ask the prince to match it for you.
Humph, the dead can't come back to life
His Highness insists on going his own way
Killed my only son
Apologize now
The anger in the old man's heart